- [Instructor] Now that we have our consumer done
and we've tested it,
it's time to create a Producer.
So the first thing we're going to do
is we're going to create a new module,
now I'm going to use my plugin once again,
if you don't have this,
just use start.spring.io,
you could do all the same things,
like call this one
room cleaner notifier,
in the CLR package like we did before
for command line runner,
and from messaging I want to pick rabbitMQ,
go ahead and run that
you'll have to extract the zip
if you're using start.spring.io
into your exercise files,
and then you're good to go there.
I'm going to enable Maven support for this,
and the first thing I want to do is open up the Palm file
and we are going to add a dependency,
spring boot starter JSON,
and we'll run Maven.
Now I want you to open up the room web application,
there're couple of things that we need to get from here.
The first thing I want you to do
is to get the async payload
and copy that into our base package.
They don't want you to go into the config package
and grab the async config
and this time we're just going to grab some data from here
and copy it,
so the two static variables and the three beingss,
Q, topic exchange and binding,
you want to copy that,
go into our application class and paste those in.
Now, we're going to create one more class here,
and we're going to call this class runner.
Now runner is going to implement command line runner
and it is going to be a component,
and before we implement that method,
let's bring a few things in here.
So we need a rabbit template
and we need the object mapper,
and then I am going to actually auto wire
and some of this is a little bit different,
but I'm going to auto wire in a configurable
application context,
and I'll show you why we need that in a moment,
it's called uncreated constructor,
and now we can implement our method.
And again, I'm just using generation,
every ID has this,
I just she's controlling her to pop it open,
each ID though has a way to generate general setters,
implement methods, override that type of thing.
Alright, so in here, we're going to do int index
equals and we're going to cast int
and we're going to do a math.random times 28 minus one,
now where am I getting 28?
There's 28 room rows,
so instead of trying to go figure out all of the values
and connect to the database,
we're just going to use this little routine
that works just fine.
So 28 minus one and then plus one,
that'll give us a random number between one and 28,
We will create a payload,
we will set the ID equal to our index,
we will set the model equal to room,
now we will call rabbit template convert and send,
we're going to use the operations exchange
with the routing key of randon.rooms.cleaner,
and then we'll use the object mapper,
that right value as string,
and we will pass it in our payload,
and the last thing that I'm going to do
is I'm going to call close on the context
so it shuts down the application,
This is a great way when you're doing rabbit
to shut down this application context, once it's done.
So what I want to do, is I want to start
by starting up my room web application
and that's up and running,
and then when I run the main method on my notifier,
and that has gone ahead and run,
let's go back to the room web application,
and you can see that it spit out some data
that needs to be cleaned.
So let's run our notifier again,
and you'll see we had a different room
that needs to be cleaned.
And every time you run this,
you're going to get a different room.
So we put a message on the queue,
we've received it and we've output some data based on that
all by using that random number generator
in the real world, gen will you're going to to respond
to some event in your system,
but nonetheless, it all works the same.
And that's all you have to do
to do a producer and a consumer for rabbit
or any other messaging system,
they're all very similar.